Write an introduction to code reviews explaining how to make the best of a code review (#4)
neudesic/engineering-playbook: docs/code-reviews/README.md

# Code Reviews

> Code reviews are an essential part of the software development process, offering numerous benefits such as improved code quality, shared knowledge, and early bug detection. However, the effectiveness of these reviews largely depends on the approach and mindset of the participants.

Reviewer: I like this update. "Why we do it, how it helps you"

Reviewer 2: Open to pushback, but instead of essential, we say it's required.

Author: updated from essential to 'required' per feedback.

- **Learn and grow** by having others review the code, we get exposed to unfamiliar design patterns or languages among other topics, and even break some bad habits.
- **Shared understanding** between the developers over the project's code.

## When do I conduct a code review?

> Developers working on projects should conduct peer code reviews on every pull request (or check-in to a shared branch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers working on projects should conduct peer code reviews on every pull request _at a minimum_. Teams are encouraged to review changes a few times a day.
```

Reviewer: i see this is handled in the PR docs
